README.md, before:

# ExpenseCalculator
## Code Overflow Hackathon 2024 Group 13

Problem Statement:
Create a web based solution to increase awareness and improve financial literacy amongst teenagers (ie debt management, loaning, saving etc)

Possible Solutions For the Problem Statement:   
1. Create a web based solution that allows teenagers to input their monthly income and expenses and then provides them with a visual representation of their spending habits. This will help them to understand where they are spending their money and how they can save more.
2. Create a web based solution that provides teenagers with information on different types of loans and how they work. This will help them to understand the different types of loans available and how they can use them to their advantage.
3. Create a web based solution that provides teenagers with information on different types of savings accounts and how they work. This will help them to understand the different types of savings accounts available and how they can use them to save money.
4. Create a web based solution that provides teenagers with information on different types of investments and how they work. This will help them to understand the different types of investments available and how they can use them to grow their money.
5. Create a web based solution that provides teenagers with information on different types of insurance and how they work. This will help them to understand the different types of insurance available and how they can use them to protect their assets.

Commit message:

chore: Add app.py, .gitignore, and requirements.txt files, and update README.md and static files

README.md, after:

# ExpenseCalculator
## Code Overflow Hackathon 2024 Group 13

Open cmd and run the following commands:
1. `python -m venv .venv` (for Windows) / `python3 -m venv .venv` (for macOS)

2. `.venv\scripts\activate` (for Windows) / `source .venv/bin/activate` (for macOS)

3. `pip install -r requirements.txt`

4. `python app.py` (to run the flask app)

Problem Statement:
Create a web based solution to increase awareness and improve financial literacy amongst teenagers (ie debt management, loaning, saving etc)

Possible Solutions For the Problem Statement:   
1. Create a web based solution that allows teenagers to input their monthly income and expenses and then provides them with a visual representation of their spending habits. This will help them to understand where they are spending their money and how they can save more.
2. Create a web based solution that provides teenagers with information on different types of loans and how they work. This will help them to understand the different types of loans available and how they can use them to their advantage.
3. Create a web based solution that provides teenagers with information on different types of savings accounts and how they work. This will help them to understand the different types of savings accounts available and how they can use them to save money.
4. Create a web based solution that provides teenagers with information on different types of investments and how they work. This will help them to understand the different types of investments available and how they can use them to grow their money.
5. Create a web based solution that provides teenagers with information on different types of insurance and how they work. This will help them to understand the different types of insurance available and how they can use them to protect their assets.
